Grandpa: was a well dressed laid back man. He always wore a dress jacket, dress slacks, shirt. He didn't drink but he did enjoy chewing tobacco. So much he got throat cancer and have his vocal cords removed. I only heard him speak in whispers. My best memory is that I was there the day grandpa was re-united with long lost son Richard. We were sitting outside his home on Davis Street. When the cab pulled up. Grandpa sprang to live and ran to hung Richard. I am so glad I got to be there an meet my long-lost Uncle. Grandpa built several rental properties which helped fund his retirement. Perry was a barber and dad use to polish shoes. They both loved their jobs. After grandpa retired, his customers would just show up at his house for their haircuts. Evidentially grandpa added a barber shop. I remember as a child, driving from Dexter to Poplar Bluff to get my haircut by grandpa - who was legally blind.  Once as a child I watched grandpa walk on stilts and ride bicycle backwards - I was very impressed. Grandpa owned a small farm outside outside of Poplar Bluff and sometimes we would stay their on the weekends. There was plot for vegetables. Dad would be the horse and I handled the plow and we would plow up the garden.  These were the best vegetables I ever ate. 

Grandma: everyone would always ask if I was the grandson of the Ozark painter, Ina Kenner. Grandma left southeast Missouri better than she found it. She loved her father Jesse Jerome Seymore and named her first born son after him, my dad Jerome Kenner. Grandmas siblings were very close and always threw the best Reunions. I remember one time going to Tennessee. There was a lake and we got to paddle duck boats. Grandma was a Charter Member of the Temple Baptist Church. This was next door to the Kingdom Hall we attended and also helped to build. Today Temple Baptist Church owns the old Kingdom Hall and is a youth center. I think this is the best use of that awful Kingdom Hall. One of Grandma best paintings is of her father who owned a ferry boat to cross the Current River in Doniphan. He also owned the Current River Hotel. This also served as the hospital. Grandma told us a story about one time they had to remove a mans leg there. She also told us stories of her grandfather who fought in the Civil War. He was insured and the army was in full retreat. They best they could do for him and another wounded soldier was to set them up in a barn. Both men died before morning.  This story deserves a much longer telling. 

Richard. I only remember meeting Richard once. He served honorable in WWII and later lost his leg. In the past few years I was able to find out his family. I got to talk to his son Richard II on the phone but did not get to meet him before his passed away. I keep in touch with his 3 children Richard III, Shan and Kimberly via Facebook. 

Uncle Herman. Herman was German and raised Latter Day Saints. I never meet a harder worker than Uncle Herman. He managed Woolworths and would come home and raise bees. On the weekend he had a small farm. I never saw the farm, but I did see all the arrow heads they found on the land. One of my fondest childhood memories is we stopped at his mothers house in Doniphan. She went down into her cellar and came back with organic black berries which grew wild locally. In about an hour I had a slice of the best black berry cobbler I ever had.  He served in the Military and was buried with Honors.

Aunt Mary Jane, was so much fun and she did not take crap from anyone. One time Charlie walked through a neighbors yard coming home from school and the man hit Charlie. Aunt Mary Jane confronted the man, told him she was a lawyer and would sue him for hitting a child - unless Charlie got to punch him back. Charlie punch him back good and there was no more trouble with the neighbors. Aunt Mary Jane suffered from Cancer and had to have a double mastectomy. While dying from cancer she start a hauling business. She hired college kids and parked the trucks at night at Walmart. It became a successful business which she passed on to her kids. My favorite picture of her, Aunt Mary Jane and Uncle Herman are dancing at Charlies wedding. Because of Chemo she had no hair but wore a beautiful head dress. She died a few weeks later. I firmly believe that by she will power.

Uncle Paul was my favorite Uncle. He had a magnetic personality. This helped in him getting elected as Mayor of Winchester Missouri, a suburb of St. Louis. He was also a model. Uncle Paul and his son Chris were on Coleman Lanterns.  For years I could walk into any Walmart and go see a picture of Uncle and cousin. His main occupation was a draftsman. He designed his own house. A house that would later be bought by our cousin Debra Barton who raised her 5 children there. Uncle Paul designed banks and churches all throughout Southeast Missouri. However his most lasting design is the Arch on Highway 67 north to welcome drivers to Poplar Bluff. This has become the icon for Poplar Bluff. So much so, that every room in the Drury Inn has a picture of it. At his funeral, the family gathered under the Arch for one last picture. I miss you Uncle Paul

Aunt Ruth was a natural beauty. My fondest memory, I visited her in Florida.  She had a screen in swimming pool with bar. I miss you Aunt Ruth. 

Dad was the best man I ever met. Dad never thought about himself only others. He opened Hospitals in rural Missouri. Having his picture taken with the Governor of Missouri when he was 33 when he opened the hospital in Herman Missouri. He also served as President of the Eagles Lodge in Poplar Bluff. The best example was the time that dad was in his fourties, out of shape and spending a quiet day at Keener Springs when he heard a little girl screaming from the water. The little girls father was too scared to dive in to save his drowning daughter. But not Dad, he dived into the rapid waters to swim out to the little girl. When He got there, he found the little girl was holding on to a 300 lb women who had DROWNED. Soon a boat appeared and Dad pulled up both the little girl and drowned woman into the boat. They got the drowned woman to shore. Dad performed CPR on her and brought her back to live. A week later Dad had a stroke which nearly killed him. 

My biggest regret is being raised Jehovah Witness. I would rather have attended Temple Baptist Church with my grandmother and celebrated Christmas with my family. 
